/* 

    Packages : {
        Breeze, Intervention,EasyZoom
    }

*/


1. Lets install laravel.
2. Lets install breeze in project for authentication.
3. Lets Merge Admin dashboard;
4. Lets Make Admin & Vendor dataTables in database + Model for both admin & vendor;
5. Lets Make Auth for admin login with the help of breeze.So that no can see dashboard without login in to it; And Beside this lets have a logout option from dashboard and redirect admin to login page;
6. Lets do authentication of admin login page;
7. In dashboard lets have admin settings option.and from there lets change admin password;

8. Lets change admin details as well from settings;
9. Lets update admin image with the help of intervention package;

// Lets work with vendor

10. Lets make vendor,vendorbusinessdetail & vendorBankDetail 3 model + database;
11. Lets update 3 model + database of (10)no. from vendor dashboard;
12. Lets fetch all admin details in admin dashboard;
13. Lets see vendors all details from admin dashboard;
14. Lets manage admin status from admin dashboard;
15. Lets make countries database and with the help of this database lets select vendor's country + vendor's shop country;
27 . Lets make vendor registration with email verification.
28. Lets have admin to approve vendor id and let them allow to add products and show only those products whom are added by this vendor;


// Again Admin Work
16. Lets create section datatable + model and show it in admin dashboard.In Section module lets have sections,category and product option;
17. In section database lets put data with seeder and fetch them in dashboard section option and manage the status of every section + lets have datatable option in section table,so that we can search items easily;
18. Lets do crud of section module;
19. Lets do crud of category module with subcategory as well;
    19.1: Every Category is under Section.So thats why lets make relation between category and section in Category model.
    19.2: Every Subcategory is under Category.So thats why lets make relation between category and subcategory with the help of parentcategory option.
    19.3: For Select subcategory lets have the help of ajax;

20. Lets do crud of brand module;
21. Lets do crud of product module;
    21.1: for find all section category subcategory lets make relation between section & category in Section model;

    
22. Lets have product attribute module and crud it;
23. Lets have product images module and crud it.With the help of this module lets have multiple image of product.
24. Lets have banner section in admin dashboard & do crud it;
25. Lets have product filter so that customer can find his products easily.For that lets have 2 db table call product filter & product filter value. And crud them with the help of FilterController;
26. Now lets have those filter columns in product table and select every column's data by select option while we add a new product in db;



// Lets work with frontend
1. Lets merge frontend template;
2. Fetch all section category subcategory and show them in home page;
3. Fetch all banner and show them in home page;
4. Lets fetch New Arrivals products in home page;
5. Lets fetch Best Seller products in home page;
6. Lets fetch Discounted products in home page;
7. Lets fetch featured products in home page;
8. Lets listing products by its category subcategories in frontend.With the help of url;
9. Lets filter product by sort of highest price low price new products with and without ajax;
10. Lets filter product by color size price filter value
11. Lets make product details page and show each and every details of all products.
    11.1. Lets filter product price with product size by fetching data from product attribute via ajax;
    11.2. Lets show product filter values in product details page.
    11.3. Lets zoom product images in details page with easyZoom Package.
    11.4. Lets Connect Vendor with Product model with belongs to relation and lets connect vendor and vendorbussinessdetails so that we ll get vendor all details and we'll show vendor shop name in product details page if those products are added by vendor.
    11.5. Lets show similar kind of products in details page. Similar products will fetch by which brand type products details are showing;
    11.6. Lets show recently visited products with the help of recently_visited_products table..where by clicking  product database gonna fetch product_id and session_id and store them in DB.And then those products will be shown in recently visited products option.
    
12. Lets make vendor products page and fetch all products which are added by one vendor;
